Chinese version Functionalities

  1. Word Segmenter For the word segmenter,
  I have used the Lingua::ZH::WordSegmenter module . This class segment a Chinese sentences into words .
  I have modified the existing MediaWords::StoryVector module so that once the language of article is detected as Chinese,
  word segmenter will be used to get a list of Chinese words .

  2. Dictionary updating The word segmenter uses a dictionary stored in the folder lib / Lingua / ZH / .
  One problem about the CPAN WordSegmenter module is that all the possible Chinese words are refined by the dictionary .
  If some new words come into the language, the segmenter is not able to detect . For example, foreign politicians
' name might be separated into single characters. To address this issue, I have written a method under the “script” folder, write_to_dict_ZH. This method allows users to add a list of new words into the existing dictionary. Future work could be down to automatically crawl a list of words on the websites, such as wikipedia, to add them into the dictionary. 

3.Language Detection
In the module Lingua::ZH::MediaWords, there is a method to judge if a given text is Chinese. If more than 25% of the characters are Chinese characters, the text will be processed as Chinese. In this module, there are also methods to count Chinese characters and Latin letters.

4.Stop words
A list of 1600 stop words are selected from the most commonly used 6000 words from collected data. These stop words are stored in the file MediaWords/Util/StopWords.pm.

5.Translation
The translate module is modified so that it automatically detects the source language and translate it into English.  The module using Google Translate is utilized in this function.

6. Extractor
The Density function in MediaWords/Crawler/Extractor is modified to add into consideration that Chinese sentences are generally shorter than English ones. Chinese characters are added more weights in the calculation. 
I have been working on this during summer 2010 under the framework of Google Summer of Code. If there are questions, please contact at mico.lmg at gmal
